EN
Remarks & Tips
1. The entire Docker command process can be executed by a script file, called "docker_hybris.sh". Just configure it with the properties of your environment.
2. There is the option to already initialize SAP Commerce 123 as soon as Hybris is installed. To do this, set the "INITIALIZE" environment variable to "true";
3. Pay special attention to the defined variables in Dockerfile, specially the variable "INITIALIZE";
4. Check the other arguments (ARG) and environment variabels (ENV) and adapt to your needs;
5. For a better experience with SAP Commerce 123, and to avoid errors with Solr, it is better to disable SSL from it. Therefore, set the "USE_MYSQL_DB" environment variable to "false";
6. In addition, it is necessary to update the Solr address with the URL of the network Docker, in addition to switching from HTTPS to HTTP, if you prefer, use the script "docker_hybris.sh";
7. By default Hybris is configured with the HSQLDB Database. If you prefer to use MySQL, set the "USE_MYSQL_DB" environment variable to "true";
8. Last but not least, remembering... use the "docker_hybris.sh" which contains a step by step execution of the whole process to get everything working :)**


PT-BR
OBSERVAÇÕES E DICAS
1. Garantir que não há uma pasta "Commerce123Mod" folder definido;
2. Há a opção de já efetuar o initialize do Commerce 123 assim que o Hybris for instalado. Para isso, faça configure a variável de ambiente "INITIALIZE" como "true";
3. Tenha uma atenção especial com as variáveis definidas no Dockerfile, especialmente a variável "INITIALIZE";
4. Verifique os outros argumentos (ARG) e variáveis de ambiente (ENV) e adapte para sua necessidade;
5. Para melhor experiência com o Commerce123, e evitar erros com o Solr, é melhor desabilitar o SSL do mesmo. Sendo assim, configure a variável de ambiente "USE_MYSQL_DB" como "false";
6. Além disso, é necessário atualizar o endereço do Solr com a URL do network Docker, além de trocar de HTTPS para HTTP, se preferir, use o script "docker_hybris.sh".
7. Por default o Hybris vem configurado com o Banco de Dados HSQLDB. Caso você prefira usar o MySQL, configure a variável de ambiente "USE_MYSQL_DB" como "true";
8. Por último, mas não menos importante, lembrando... use o "docker_hybris.sh" que contém um passo a passo de execução de todo o processo para deixar tudo funcionando :)